the first person that helped me with
sound was Ian Robinson underachieved
chat with him hit the spot cut caught
costing classes and he helped me
tremendously he kind of put me in the
right you know and I still had to do a
lot of investigations that he put me in
the right direction for sound but
lighting I was still having a difficult
time so ok so I went to Home Depot and I
got one of these and then I got a
lifestyle while I had the lights done
but if if you were starting you would
have to get the lights that and then I
got one of my umbrellas but then to make
its ok I had to do a little simple so
that the umbrella will stay and then of
course I moved the umbrella fell delight
fellow everything it was the biggest
mess you could imagine and it took me
awhile to finally going to get one of
these this one over here this large red
light which is the Pedialyte and I gave
in and then in office I was thinking the
amount of money that I would have spent
is already the amount of money that that
like costs so I went through all these
stupid things when I put a stent the
same $100 now I spent almost $200 yeah
and so that's when I started thinking
well I'm gonna do it class like this you
know to help people that are trying to
do that and that's the classic stuck
right now in limbo because I'm have to
you know I got a little I had to fix
things were quite how you did me once I
had that same experience starting now
that an idea even before I'd come to you
to be a happened to come across with the
end I saw their do it yourself lighting
kit and then you to me always references
people to the you do it yourself
lighting as well which maybe that's fine
we're starting Sept like you can see I
shoot green screen trying to go with his
whiskey a do it yourself lighting kit
with the same thing was just a nightmare
for me by these little scoop lamps and
try to get them
to stay on the stands in their falling
over and they don't like to stream the
right way in just fighting with inviting
with you know and then it comes down to
it I still had to buy the light stands
anyway I bought these different groups
and all these are from light bulbs and
so then eventually once I finally had
looked online for a green screen kids
and I think like my green screen hundred
and eighty bucks in at that point I had
already spent probably $200
other things so that same experience as
you hear that does hold due to yourself
that was gonna save me so much money it
cost me the same or more in and plus it
cost me time on top of that with Iran
and then there are the aggravation and
when I was trying to shoot videos and
having to deal with this equipment that
was just now co-operating with me
angles and so they had you're like me
you know where the light right you know
though I see this big white thing over
here and I was going what are these
people thinking you know so it's very
interesting and thought it would be fun
if somebody just did a big school on
that I think you could do a class that
is just one big school you know crazy
think but anyways yeah it may be around
and service in circuses yeah so but how
do you feel about that now now that
you've moved beyond that time where he
was what these lights in when you look
back to you would you consider that is
why there was a way budget would waste
time there's a huge mistake or do you
feel like there's something you know
positive that you that you got out of
you know I almost like these things and
I think I'm a sucker for punishment but
I like it because I like the
experimentation and things like that but
you know there's a limit
is the big problem so that's another
thing that's very very frustrating but I
do enjoy it because it's what I do with
photography is bad and I can spend hours
in the studio just playing around with
it and so I think it's fun I can imagine
those who but this is different like I
have put on perfume eyeball
crime-solving I would have fun with
something like but I don't imagine that
someone that has maybe a business
background was class think so because
it's it's really not right you have a
business background and I mean how much
do you really wanna learn about these
city lights right well it's ok because I
mean with you in your situation it does
tie in with what your interests were and
that's part of why you're able to look
at this experience and say but I am
getting their skills and I am having a
certain amount of fun with it anyhow so
it's just you know sort of the process
overall dads providing you some type of
enjoyment and benefits
independence of the you know the the
courses in what the courses are doing it
just all part of this process going
through the reinventing yourself and
learning new things and picking up new
skills in your situation it's something
that maybe even does come in handy
because you are a photographer in doing
these other things with the video camera
and I don't know that sound necessarily
would play in so much with what you do
with your photography work but certainly
having experimented with the lights I
would imagine is something that you
could leverage to a certain extent even
with whatever your Portugal still
photography type of what it's helped
also is the truth is you know video is
getting bigger and bigger and everything
marketing and so it's helped me with
thought because I do a mini photo class
on periscope I started doing it and I've
got to develop you know keep them warm
ideas
teacher once a week sometimes that
doesn't quite work out it's hard to find
a restaurant you know to go in tanks and
and so all these things and sound also
has become important although with these
with periscope island it's okay for you
to have background noise because part of
the NBN is just put Udinese you know
stricter and stricter about it but so
tell me with with these new ideas to
take the classroom out of the classroom
and they've been doing that more and
more and I think that's a lot of fun
especially for me I can get out of the
house and computer all the time
right and you had mentioned very early
I'm talking about the fact that you did
you do like teaching and so what like
what have you done with your experience
with you know the lights are hot you
kind of have been able to turn that
around all your lights in your sound in
all of you know that kind of stuff that
you went through are you want me to tell
you I'm not sure why but okay okay so I
was very silly because I thought you
know I know everything about lights and
I threw away receipts so I got so
anyways Home Depot lights what I do is I
like I don't use a very bright
background that works out fine for me
and then I used the video light so I'm
using everything that I almost
everything and they use the same way
that I would've photo lights I put the
night
nine goals which is really important
because a lot of people just put it
straight up and then they have this
horrible light and so I put them out and
collect that's very complementary and
you know I use them with all the
techniques that I have I don't know if
you haven't tried LEDs yet but I know
some other people have tried LEDs I
haven't asked him about those I couldn't
get I couldn't get a good quality of
life for anything the only thing I like
this the one that I got a little button
but you could change it so blue lights
or red light and I could flare up so I
kept trying because I thought this is
small I can travel at this wonderful but
it's just I think I would love them so I
you know that things and it's
interesting because I what I did is this
your senior senior white paper and a
blue paper and I i turn my living room
into what I thought was gonna be my
future i got rid of the furniture I got
all these flights and construction
started across the street and that's why
i cant take your tiny little room right
this hurting these lights all over the
place and trying not to get my feet on
them and things like that which is
really kind of funny which is probably
how a lot of two polar doing it right
not you know when you do when you're
starting and you don't know what to do
with what song but in almost a little
close but using techniques and things
that I've been using thats why sound has
been such an issue for me because I
thought that maybe I could still take
that night